In the previous video you used V0 to generate react components.
Now we're going to have a look at how we can do that natively inside of cursor.
Firstly, what I want you to do is navigate to the folder inside the GitHub repository called Useful
Prompts for cursor.
Once you're in that folder, I then want you to hit command L or control L.
If you're on windows this will load the chat mode.
Now we're going to drag the image that we previously used in the last lesson.
And we're going to put that into the chat window.
So in my case I've got the dot png in my desktop.
I'm going to drag that once the image is in the chat context, rather than having to manually type the
command inside of the image to code MD file, there's a prompt which says generate all of the react
components.
Given this image, make sure to use tailwind, CSS, Next.js, radix UI, and Next.js app router.
Then what we can do is inside of the chat window we can just add that prompt.
So image to code.md.
And then what you'll see is that now that we've given cursor both the image and also the prompt, then
it will dynamically generate this code so that we don't have to manually type that over and over again
whilst we're working with images inside of cursor.
Also, you could still use Excalidraw to do all of the mock ups and then use cursor directly if you
don't want to use v0.
In the next video, we're going to have a look at how you can use web search inside of the chat window.